program/index.md, before:

<!--
.. title: Program
.. slug: program
.. date: 2022-03-02 16:11:07 UTC+01:00
.. tags:
.. category:
.. link:
.. description:
.. type: text
-->

The workshop will start on Wednesday 26.10.2022 at
09:00h. It will end on Friday 28.10.2022 at 13:30h.

## Invited speakers

- [Ulrike Meier Yang](https://people.llnl.gov/yang11), Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, USA
- [Dorothea Iglezakis](https://www.izus.uni-stuttgart.de/personen/Iglezakis-00001/), University of Stuttgart, Germany
- [Michael Herbst](http://www.acom.rwth-aachen.de/5people/herbst/start), RWTH Aachen University, Germany
- [Hartwig Anzt](https://hartwiganzt.github.io/), Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Germany
- [Benjamin Uekermann](https://www.simtech.uni-stuttgart.de/exc/people/Uekermann/), University of Stuttgart, Germany
- [Andrea Walther](https://www.mathematik.hu-berlin.de/de/forschung/forschungsgebiete/mathematische-optimierung/andrea-walther), Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin, Germany
- [Tyrone Rees](https://www.numerical.rl.ac.uk/people/rees/), STFC Rutherford Appleton Laboratory, United Kingdom
- [Christoph Lehrenfeld](https://cpde.math.uni-goettingen.de/en/members/CLehrenfeld/index.html), Georg-August-Universität Göttingen, Germany
- [Martin Kronbichler](https://www.epc.ed.tum.de/lnm/staff/martin-kronbichler/), Technical University of Munich, Germany
- [Thomas Koprucki](https://www.wias-berlin.de/~koprucki/), Weierstrass-Institut Für Angewandte Analysis Und Stochastik, Germany

## Detailed schedule

Will be announced closer to the workshop date.

Commit message:

Nikola auto commit.
Source commit: 577586b0ee5ec54e33e85160f9209e5d1306de28
Nikola version: 8.2.0

program/index.md, after:

<!--
.. title: Program
.. slug: program
.. date: 2022-03-02 16:11:07 UTC+01:00
.. tags:
.. category:
.. link:
.. description:
.. type: text
-->

The workshop will start on Wednesday 26.10.2022 at
09:00h. It will end on Friday 28.10.2022 at 13:30h.

## Invited speakers

- [Ulrike Meier Yang](https://people.llnl.gov/yang11), Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, USA
- [Dorothea Iglezakis](https://www.izus.uni-stuttgart.de/personen/Iglezakis-00001/), University of Stuttgart, Germany
- [Michael Herbst](http://www.acom.rwth-aachen.de/5people/herbst/start), RWTH Aachen University, Germany
- [Hartwig Anzt](https://hartwiganzt.github.io/), Karlsruhe Institute of Technology, Germany
- [Benjamin Uekermann](https://www.simtech.uni-stuttgart.de/exc/people/Uekermann/), University of Stuttgart, Germany
- [Andrea Walther](https://www.mathematik.hu-berlin.de/de/forschung/forschungsgebiete/mathematische-optimierung/andrea-walther), Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin, Germany
- [Tyrone Rees](https://www.numerical.rl.ac.uk/people/rees/), STFC Rutherford Appleton Laboratory, United Kingdom
- [Christoph Lehrenfeld](https://cpde.math.uni-goettingen.de/en/members/CLehrenfeld/index.html), Georg-August-Universität Göttingen, Germany
- [Martin Kronbichler](https://www.epc.ed.tum.de/lnm/staff/martin-kronbichler/), Technical University of Munich, Germany
- [Thomas Koprucki](https://www.wias-berlin.de/~koprucki/), Weierstrass-Institut Für Angewandte Analysis Und Stochastik, Germany

## Detailed schedule

The timetable can be viewed [here](https://wwuindico.uni-muenster.de/event/1180/timetable/#all.detailed).
The auto-generated book of abstracts is [here](https://wwuindico.uni-muenster.de/event/1180/book-of-abstracts.pdf).
